amy shooter collectors and enthusiasts
hello today i'm showing you
still a little tip that I put at
point that I tested that works very
very well
it's the pod could lift 1 for our
charming that spanned flint
she will save us some time
precious again during the matches on
lose no time I'm showing you this all
right now
you all know this tube of
levy found in the
medical analysis laboratories
we see a lot on the stands is
well this one and I use it for my
dose is to pilzen I show you to
inside the sweater 20 the cap him and
loses that's why to receive my
little guardian rod then we can
do that in an aluminum rod or
others but I took some wood for
my tests and it suits me very well
for the continuation with a small machining done
with a dremel a small round strawberry
mails of the volume necessary for
the bassinet of my gun and it's okay
very very well where introduce it and whose
the tube a half turn
the guardian is loaded from the rhin
just have to load in the bassinet
and that's it easy
the last loading phase of the
flintlock gun takes us to these to
put some sweater will see what I do you
did not say just now it's quiet to
cutter rod I made him a flat
to see it better between your fingers and
it helps when you're on a stand
relatively dark and there are some
better orient and better target the
loading
here is the guardian is full since the rhine
I present it above the frame
Bassinet J makes an easy half turn with
my little but the beach the meaning in my
fingers I tap that's the load is
do I make box and I will be ready
to fire we go here a trick of
more than I wanted to share with you
I hope it will bring you a lot
of satisfaction during your sessions of
shot I'll see you soon in the
stands and see you soon for a new
tip has more hi